I know it's not easy for you to make money
But it's too shabby for you to give this for someone's birthday
It's my favorite red bean milk tea
This should be the millet porridge you cooked for me yourself, right?
What can I finally drink on my birthday?
I want to drink it and boil it for you every day
Okay, I'm still beautiful in the eyes of the beholder.
By the way, there will be a party in a while. Come with us
I'm going to deliver takeout, so I won't participate. Have fun.
It's over, I'll pick you up.
Let people ride in the battery car you deliver takeout every day
You can't, so can I?
Or is my Maybach more suitable for you?
I like to take my Akin's battery car the most. Hmm?
I'm off work. I'm going to accompany him to deliver takeout. As for the cruise party, go and play by yourself
Let's go home
Hey
coach
You are so haunted
Let your beloved woman suffer with you in the cold wind
Only you can do it
We don't need outsiders to judge whether we are sweet or bitter
Does Zhou Yanjin think that suffering can test love?
Human nature is the least tested
Hey, there's going to be a small move within the Zhou Group.
You'd better hurry back to your Anle Gang
If you don't go back, you can't go back
Is it really worth giving up all this for a woman?
Before I lose my temper
Better get away